1. What do you understand By Database?
Ans: - A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer system. A database is usually controlled by a database management system (DBMS). Together, the data and the DBMS, along with the applications that are associated with them, are referred to as a database system, often shortened to just database.
2. What is Normalization?
Ans:-  Normalization is a database design technique that reduces data redundancy and eliminates undesirable characteristics like Insertion, Update and Deletion Anomalies. Normalization rules divides larger tables into smaller tables and links them using relationships. The purpose of Normalisation in SQL is to eliminate redundant (repetitive) data and ensure data is stored logically.
3. What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?
Ans :- The main difference between a DBMS and an RDBMS is that a DBMS is a software application used to store, retrieve, and manage data in a database, while an RDBMS is a type of DBMS that stores data in a relational database.
4. What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?
Ans :- Codd’s rule in DBMS also known as Codd's 12 rules/commandments is a set of thirteen rules (numbered 0 to 12) that define a database to be a correct Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). If a database follows Codd's 12 rules, it is called a True relational database management system.
5. What do you understand By Data Redundancy?
Ans:- Data redundancy is when multiple copies of the same information are stored in more than one place at a time. This challenge plagues organizations of all sizes in all industries and leads to elevated storage costs, errors, and compromised analytics. A typical example of this is customer information that is replicated across departments’ separate systems (e.g., finance, marketing, sales).
6. What is DDL Interpreter?
Ans:- Data Definition Language (DDL) is a standard for commands that define the different structures in a database. DDL statements create, modify, and remove database objects such as tables, indexes, and users. Common DDL statements are CREATE, ALTER, and DROP.
7. What is DML Compiler in SQL?
Ans:- DML is an abbreviation of Data Manipulation Language.
The DML commands in Structured Query Language change the data present in the SQL database. We can easily access, store, modify, update and delete the existing records from the database using DML commands.
Following are the four main DML commands in SQL:
SELECT Command,INSERT Command,UPDATE Command,DELETE Command
8. What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints
Ans:- Constraints are the rules that we can apply on the type of data in a table. That is, we can specify the limit on the type of data that can be stored in a particular column in a table using constraints. 
The available constraints in SQL are: 
NOT NULL: This constraint tells that we cannot store a null value in a column. That is, if a column is specified as NOT NULL then we will not be able to store null in this particular column any more.
UNIQUE: This constraint when specified with a column, tells that all the values in the column must be unique. That is, the values in any row of a column must not be repeated.
PRIMARY KEY: A primary key is a field which can uniquely identify each row in a table. And this constraint is used to specify a field in a table as primary key.
FOREIGN KEY: A Foreign key is a field which can uniquely identify each row in a another table. And this constraint is used to specify a field as Foreign key.
CHECK: This constraint helps to validate the values of a column to meet a particular condition. That is, it helps to ensure that the value stored in a column meets a specific condition.
DEFAULT: This constraint specifies a default value for the column when no value is specified by the user.
9. What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query?
Ans:- A SAVEPOINT is a point in a transaction in which you can roll the transaction back to a certain point without rolling back the entire transaction. 
Syntax for Savepoint command: 
				SAVEPOINT SAVEPOINT_NAME;
10.What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?
Ans:- A trigger is called a special procedure because it cannot be called directly like a stored procedure. The key distinction between the trigger and procedure is that a trigger is called automatically when a data modification event occurs against a table. A stored procedure, on the other hand, must be invoked directly
CREATE TRIGGER schema.trigger_name  
ON table_name  
AFTER  {INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE}  
[NOT FOR REPLICATION]  
AS  
{SQL_Statements}  